Because every minute of a conversation is so entertaining so just want to make sure it's all captured.
You don't want to talk to me unless it's on recording, it's interesting.
I didn't mean for that to be on the recording.
How you been?
I've been good. I mostly want to hear about how you've been because you had TwitchCon this.
I did have TwitchCon this weekend.
I couldn't tell.
Yeah, I was going to say your voice sounds a little messed up.
I don't even think it's from yelling, which there was like one night at the casino where it
felt like everything was really loud and you're screaming like the bar setting.
But I think it's because everyone in Vegas smokes. I'm pretty sure it's a requirement.
To be a Vegas citizen or traveler they're in, it's awful.
Why do people smoke? I don't understand. Have we ever talked about smoking?
No, we haven't. I don't get that because I think we're definitely in the generation where
it fell off as a thing that a lot of people do.
So it just seems super weird to me to develop that habit.
Yeah, it's still a thing people do and our generation too.
But I agree. We all were the ones that knew like, "Oh, smoking is bad."
They finally got rid of smoking. Yeah.
But why? There are friends in our group and I won't name names.
Well, we saw a picture. We saw a trash with a cigarette.
At the whole time, the whole time prior to TwitchCon, he just kept being like,
"I know I'm going to smoke a bunch of cigarettes."
So that's why he only smokes when he travels, which cracks me up.
How do you have the most addictive habit ever for a few days and then go home and then never do it?
I don't understand. Yeah, I mean, I get that.
It's like me and me and Liz have this joke that stuff doesn't count when you're traveling.
Okay, so I am the same way.
Just I think smoking is this other level for me.
Oh, it's like one more level, yeah.
But when I travel, I eat whatever.
I don't care. I feel awful because of it and I wish I didn't do that.
But yeah, I don't think about like sleep habits or exercise or I'm just like...
It doesn't count, it literally scientifically does not affect you.
Except it does affect you.
Man, I feel awful.
My voice is like... I'm pretty sure just secondhand smoke.
Like, I am basically a smoker at this point.
My lungs are probably black, I don't know.
And in the sleeping, there was one night, which I try like...
I've not gone to a lot of things.
I guess this is like my third conference.
Is that right? Yeah.
But I think each of the conferences, there's like one night where I go really hard.
Yeah.
But then I like act like I'm 25 again and party.
There was one night and I think we slept like three and a half hours that night.
And then we're up doing the thing the next day.
It's just not good for you.
All the food I ate.
But then it's the same time nobody eats.
Like the whole conference day, you're in this big building that's very hard to get to anything.
And mostly everybody just kind of acts like no one eats.
I don't know, it's weird.
Which is why I think as crazy as Vegas is,
I don't think it's the best place for a conference
because everything is so difficult.
You can't just like on a whim go do something unless you're like,
I'm just going to go eat the same place every single day for every single meal.
Because you can't like traveling around the strip is so hard.
It's a nightmare.
It's even worse right now because we're doing this F1 race in like a few weeks.
And so they're shutting down parts of the strip to like build these huge grand stands and all this.
So I'm not even kidding you.
We were just like a mile north of the Bellagio.
But for some reason everybody wanted to gamble with the Bellagio every night.
I guess they have the best casino.
I don't know.
Like what there's casinos all over the place because we just like stay up here.
It would be like 45 minutes an hour to go a mile down the strip in an Uber.
And I guess we could have walked in retrospect.
But even walking in Vegas takes way longer than it should.
Like you think you're close to something and like.
It's just the zag around.
Yeah, it's forever.
It's just the night.
It's insane even when you're inside a building and you're just trying to get to the end of the building.
Yeah.
It's just takes it possibly long.
And they all look exactly the same.
Like having spent a couple of weeks now in Vegas.
All the casinos, the major ones, they all look exactly the same inside.
Like you could tell me I'm in any one of them and I would have no idea.
Like I would believe you.
I think it's because it's such like a thing to optimize that everyone arrives at.
The same conclusion.
Yeah, there's like no reason to do it differently.
It's like websites that all look the same.
They all have the same like gradient colored font.
Yeah, exactly.
It's the exact same thing.
And yeah, last time we were there, we were talking about how even the playlists they choose,
even like all of it is just if something can make you spend 1% more money at their scale.
And the number of people they have, it just becomes so worth it.
Yeah, they'll figure it out.
It's like the rate at which they bring you the drinks and like every little little detail.
Yeah, so you get drinks for free when you gamble.
I didn't know this.
And like I spent more on drinks probably than some people spent gambling.
I could have just gambled, got free drinks.
I don't know.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
So it was fun overall.
Like it was three days.
It was it was fun.
Okay, so it should have been two days.
Melke and I decided on the last day that last day is totally unnecessary.
We had seen everybody, we had done everything we wanted to do, and we wanted to be home.
So I think trash was only there for two days.
He knew the the gig.
He got there and then he left early.
That was a good call.
But it was fun.
It was good to see everybody.
It was kind of bizarre.
Like the the first day at noon.
So basically like the first thing I did personally was a prime had a panel.
It was like non-gaming like streaming to non-gamers.
So it was a panel of like all kinds of different stuff.
There's a music guy and whatever.
So prime has this panel at noon.
And I haven't seen anybody yet.
And we all show up to this panel and it's like seeing everybody for the first time.
But we're all we set like right in the front two rows.
Like we took up the whole first two rows and we're just like right in front of prime.
And every time he said something, it was just like we're all just cheering.
It was just it was a bizarre experience to like all of the dent streamers are right
here in one place.
We're kind of all seeing each other for the first time and primes up there on the stage.
Just like our hero.
It was just a good time.
That was that was interesting.
Yeah, it's a it's an eclectic group.
Just generally TwitchCon like not like reinvent.
So if reinvent is like a lot of people in suits, uh, TwitchCon was like a lot of people.
Different kinds of suits.
I had hair.
Yeah, different kind of cosplay suits.
It was yeah, it was kind of different in that sense.
It was fun.
It was.
I'm glad I did it.
I'm going to take like three days to recover physically from all my terrible choices.
But overall, yeah, happy I did it.
Wish it would have been there.
I think I had less FOMO than I expected.
I definitely had it.
And I was like, uh,
Was anyone even posting photos or anything?
Like I realized I didn't post anything.
Not too many.
That's why I don't think it was like,
I think with some conferences, it just feels like that's all you see for three days.
But this I guess this is a small group of people.
Uh, because really just like the people that stream inside the dev world.
Yeah, there's like 30 of us.
I mean, we went to dinner one night.
We took up a whole like, uh, subway car, metro line car.
But there's like, are those people that like all stream or are they people that are like?
Yeah, fans.
Oh yeah.
Dead streamers.
Yeah.
There's like 30.
30.
Yeah.
What the hell?
It was intense.
And like, we spent a lot of time up.
There's like a partner lounge.
So that would be like a way to kind of like,
there's like eight of us.
It was like a smaller like, okay, just take a breath.
Yeah.
It was kind of quiet.
In fact, the last day, I think I spent man tired day in the partner lounge.
It was like the serverless thing at re-event.
Yeah, exactly.
Just like, I'm going to set in one spot.
I'll see people.
And then just go move.
Yeah.
It's funny because, uh, uh, Michelle, the one, uh, she runs React Miami.
She specifically brings up that dynamic.
And she feels like when a conference gets to a size where people feel the need to find
the spot and not move, she feels like that's like a threshold that where you like,
you've lost something.
Yeah.
So she's like, that's like her one of her, like, metrics or like of, are we,
for the way that she wants to do these conferences, like never want to get to that level.
Yeah.
And it's funny because it is such a common thing.
Like exactly what I felt at re-event and like,
and you in TwitchCon, like it seems like it just happens all the time.
It's just so overwhelming.
Otherwise.
There wasn't really another place to lounge.
Like it was the only lounge and I felt really bad.
Like when we would split off, like, we'd be with people that,
oh, they're not partnering or they can't go.
And there's not like a, another place to just go hang out.
It was like you're on your feet in the expo hall or you're in the partner.
There wasn't really, I mean, there was a session.
So people would go in and set it sessions and watch those, which the sessions were, I mean,
we went to, I think I went to two of them and they were just panels.
And maybe all of them weren't panels, but they weren't like conference talks.
It was like way more casual and it's just like your friends on a stage.
Was that better?
It was so much better.
Yeah.
They should take that to tech conferences, panels.
Maybe they do, but it felt like everything at TwitchCon was just a panel of streamers
answering questions.
Yeah, because I think, so React Miami is doing that second day,
the unconference thing.
And I think there's going to be some stuff like that.
I didn't realize how much less like cringy as a format it was.
Like the whole conference talk thing.
I don't know.
It's just worn out for me.
Like.
Yeah, the thing, here's the thing.
There are like historically amazing talks that I can point to,
but it's like one in that have like changed the dialogue and stuff.
Yeah, it's like one in 100 maybe at best.
So we're just like expecting everyone to like constantly be delivering at that level.
And it just doesn't happen.
And a lot of them are giving the same talks.
Just at the different conferences.
Yeah, exactly.
So then they all end up on YouTube.
It's the same one and like heard this talk.
Yeah, it's like contrived.
Was there anything else besides like, so there's the lounge.
There's like the panels, like they do other like events and stuff.
So there was like a giant theater where they did some like big,
like they had the big streamers like XQC.
And I don't know if Ludwig did anything.
We saw Ludwig like walking to the expo with a mask on like very, uh, sneakily.
But we were sure it was Ludwig for funny reasons actually rocks.
I was with rocks.
He just came for a day.
And he he was 100% sure it was Ludwig for just some hilarious reasons that.
I don't know if I want to say on the podcast.
Like the shape of his butt, like what?
Yeah, literally.
So it did look just like Ludwig like, I don't know, something about like,
I don't know if he like shaves his arms or something.
It definitely looks like Ludwig is just like a very clean individual
with a giant mask covering everything but his eyeballs.
But then rocks said Ludwig's known for having a large backside.
And rocks turned around to check and confirmed.
Anyway, they had this theater where they did like just like funny events,
kind of improv stuff with these major, like the big names and streaming.
Oh, nice.
Uh, I'm trying to remember the editing Emily or something.
What's her name?
I don't remember.
There's like, there's a handful of them that were.
Oh, yeah, I've, I've seen her stuff.
Yeah.
How was the scale of it?
Cause I know like reinvent just feels, I mean, that feels, they literally spent like a hundred
million dollars on it.
A hundred million dollars for me.
Wow.
I didn't know that.
I think so.
Cause I was looking at the tickets and I multiplied just the ticket price by.
The number of people that go like 50,000 times 2000.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Simple math.
Uh, that's a hundred.
That's literally a hundred million.
And I'm sure like half of those are discounted, whatever, but.
But I, I believe it.
Yeah.
I mean, just like to rent out the entire Venetian, like they do for reinvent.
I mean, basically, right?
It's like the whole Venetian is just taking over.
Plus they have just like a, they like rent out every little space.
They can find like private events and stuff.
So obviously it wasn't at that scale, but they still feel like high end or.
I think I heard 30,000 people.
Did I make that up?
That's a lot.
It felt very high end.
It felt like reinvent, but for like degenerates.
I mean, just like the Twitch spin on it.
You know what I mean?
Like the huge display when you walk in the convention center was very impressive.
A lot of people just took pictures in front of it.
Because it was just like four stories and just as wide as the convention center.
It was just giant TV display thing.
It was, yeah, it felt very well done.
Like they clearly put a lot into it.
It's funny because it's also technically an Amazon conference.
It's just like, it's their thing.
They just love owning Vegas.
Yeah, I guess.
Well, because last year it was in San Diego, they said.
Yeah, which I would have liked.
I've never been in San Diego.
I've heard it's nice.
Yes.
Well, I'll tell you what, I heard from a little birdie that next year.
It might be back in San Diego.
I don't remember if I was supposed to say that out loud.
Probably not, but whatever.
Probably not.
But it came from a source inside, if you know what I'm saying.
So I'm pretty sure we're not going to be in Vegas next year.
So you might want to come.
It's funny because that's enough information for me to know who you got that information from.
You knew you know, don't you?
Yeah, I know.
That's funny.
Okay, well, we'll keep it private.
Just us and our podcast listeners.
Which one we're not going to say it.
I'm not going to say it out loud.
I mean, I would definitely go.
The Vegas part was a big limiter for me.
Like the fact that it was in Vegas made it more difficult, especially because every single person,
when I told them I wasn't going, they're like, what do you mean?
It's only two days.
Like it's not going to affect anything.
And I'm like, it's not two days.
It's like the day before where I'm like getting ready and like getting the dog sitter and all that stuff.
There's the time there.
And there's a three days of recovery.
The recovery, yeah, assuming I don't get sick, which is what happened last time.
So I had COVID right before.
I mean, we're not right before.
It's been a couple of weeks since I tested negative, like not right before.
But I felt like going in, I kind of had this superpower that like, I'm not going to get sick.
Yeah, my immune system's been through it all.
I'm just going to have second hand smoke, black lung, and feel awful for a few days.
But yeah.
So I just wasn't able to tolerate that disruption for going to Vegas.
It's funny though, because you know, who had more FOMO than me?
Liz had more FOMO than me.
Because after reinvent last year, she's formed like a really fond association with Vegas.
And she like wants to go back.
It's funny because it's literally like Vegas literally, I don't think is her thing at all.
But that week for her was like a really nice week because she would wake up,
go to the we work, work all day, then like meet up with us, have like a really nice dinner and like
do like some like nice thing in the evening and doing that every single day for a week.
That was like your whole life.
Pretty nice.
Yeah, it's not bad.
Yeah.
It's hard not to enjoy that place.
Yeah, even if it's like your friends and we were there with friends.
So it was like, you always have people to hang out with.
So yeah, I think in her head, it was like some kind of high-end summer camps type situation.
You know, so the whole time I was, I was taking the wrong angle.
I could have just been trying to get Liz to convince you to come.
Oh, yeah.
I was trying to convince you, but like.
No, no.
Yeah, wrong angle.
She just got the spouse and pressure on man next time.
Yeah, you normally think the spouse is like trying to stop you from here.
We have this funny relationship where she's like a hundred percent of the heat in this.
And if I ever go to her being like, do you think I should do X, Y, Z?
She's always going to like overly encourage me to do it.
So yeah, usually it's like they like check you, but for me, it's like the opposite.
She like enables me.
That's how I am with my wife.
I think I'm that role because I just want her to like do things that she'll enjoy
and have a good time because I know she doesn't enjoy a lot of her days.
So I think I played that role.
That's interesting.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I like that to be like, okay, this isn't, we can't, we can't do it.
But next year, potentially, can I just say I chuckled when you said he missed
like I knew what the word meant?
But I don't know what the word means.
I still don't know.
Oh, he didn't miss.
It's just like someone that will just take all of life's pleasures.
It's like to them acts.
Like they're really all about enjoying like food and like, okay.
Those are from people like everything.
Yeah, fun people to be around.
I someone once I saw I read something that was like, I forgot what it was.
Someone was, I was like looking up dog beds for Zuko or something.
And someone asked a question where they were like, worry that their dog wouldn't be,
wouldn't figure out how to like get on it and be comfortable in a certain way.
And someone was like, don't worry about that because dogs are the ultimate hedoneness.
And that line has been stuck in my head because it's so true.
Like there's no sense in them to be like, I should limit my pleasure.
Yeah.
Like if there's a way to be comfortable, they're going to go and do it.
They're going to do it as much as possible.
If there's food there and go eat it as much as possible.
Like like Zuko, what the door to our bedrooms open, he goes on our bed
and he sleeps there because that is the most comfortable spot in the whole house.
He doesn't think like anything.
He's always just trying to maximize his happiness and his pleasure every single second.
And it's a kind of inspiring in a way, you know?
Yeah, it is.
Like I feel like that's kind of like vacation mode for some people.
Like I do feel that way on vacation.
Like I'm going to maximize like we're going to just enjoy this.
But to not do that every day.
Yeah, I definitely don't.
I don't think that way all the time.
And you feel like, well, I can't.
I have to be a responsible adult, but maybe not.
Maybe some people just figured it out and they're just living life that way.
Like a dog.
There's a Ricky Gervais bit where he's talking about how he
like gives his cat all these treats.
And he's like, so good to his cat and the people are like, you're going to spoil the cat.
And he's always, he's just like, who cares?
Like it's a cat.
Like what?
Oh no, the cat spoiled like what's going to happen.
Like it's not like trying to have a career or anything.
You're right.
Yeah.
There's no goal to try to get a real job.
It's going to just live off of your treats forever.
Yeah.
So it's like, who cares if you spoil the cat?
It's a really good point.
It is a good point.
There's another word I didn't know that I just remembered.
I'm glad I looked it up before we got on in case it came up.
Did you see that Theo's tweet about the react leak?
The taint.
Yeah, I didn't know what that word meant.
And I thought it was serious.
I'm glad I didn't get on here and like ask you like.
So what's the deal with reactate?
I've never heard of this.
No, it is here.
Okay.
This is a funny thing.
Oh wait, it is serious?
Oh, damn it.
Okay.
Here's what's really, really funny about this.
What does everyone love shooting on?
Everyone loves shooting on Kubernetes.
React.
Oh, Kubernetes.
Okay.
Everyone is always talking shit about Kubernetes.
Everyone's like, it's true.
Here, like everyone's talking about all the time.
As though they know what the hell it is.
And this topic is a great topic because it proves that everyone
that's talking about Kubernetes does not know anything about it
because the word taint was in Kubernetes.
It doesn't come from there, but I mean, they use it.
Yeah, like, I mean, the root const is like,
we've all heard the word tainted.
Like, oh no, this was tainted.
Yeah.
That word.
So it's using a bunch of places like Kubernetes is one,
like pearls, another place where it shows up.
But everyone is reacting to it.
Like, I had someone, I saw some messages today
where they were like, what's wrong with Versailles?
Like, are they trying to like bait people?
Or are they trying to like create like some kind of like controversy
by using this word?
I'm like, it's just a normal, it's also a normal word.
It is a normal word.
And I wouldn't have thought it wasn't a normal word
until I looked at the replies that tweet and people are like,
glad I looked it up on Urban Dictionary.
And then I looked it up on Urban Dictionary.
And it has another meaning outside of meaning, but I knew.
So it's a real thing.
You're telling me that's a real, that's a real twist.
It's a hundred percent real.
'Cause Taint is a correct word for something like that.
We're a roller coaster.
You mark it as like, be careful with this thing.
Yeah, but listen, I am surprised
that you had to look it up on Urban Dictionary.
This word has never come across.
I mean, I know the meaning of Taint, like the real meaning of it.
No, I've never heard of any slang.
No, never heard that in my life.
That's odd to me.
Is that a common one?
I feel like that's like the first like 30-ish word I ever learned.
Are you serious?
It's old?
It's like old?
Yeah, it's not like a Gen Z thing.
No, no, it's been long.
Oh, wow.
It's like before us even, I think.
I don't even really understand.
I feel like the thing that it describes is like a noun.
And Taint seems more like a verb.
I don't know.
It doesn't even make sense for that to be slang for that in my mind.
And I'm not gonna say it on the podcast.
People can look it up if they want to look.
It just feels weird.
It's weird because it's a noun and a verb.
That's what's weird about it.
Oh, oh, Taint is a noun, too.
Yeah, you can apply a Taint to something.
Okay, I see.
Or you can Taint something.
Okay.
I don't really get how that became slang for the thing.
Yeah.
I feel like it's appropriate.
I feel like it sounds exactly right.
Like it's like Taint's the human.
No, I'm not gonna stop.
No, it's just like the right vibe.
I'm not gonna put it into words,
words, but words, but.
Words, I just can't believe that that tweet in the end,
that tweet was actually real.
Oh, yeah.
I thought it was real at first.
Then I felt embarrassed that I thought it was real
because I thought it was not real and it was a joke.
And now I'm learning it in fact is real and I'm embarrassed again.
Just a lot of embarrassing things going on.
Well, did you actually read what the API does?
No, I did not.
I just saw the O's tweet.
It's kind of interesting because stepping back and like looking at the positioning,
they posted an article on, hey, I really care about security.
You should care about security too.
So here's like a bunch of,
he's a whole article talking about React Server components
and security concerns that you need to be, you need to consider.
So because they premise it with that, like,
hey, we're here to talk about security.
It came across like, oh, here are some good solutions for these problems.
But it completely sidesteps the idea that we only had to invent these solutions
because of how React Server components work.
So these are new problems that kind of showed up under the new model.
But it was positioned like, hey, we care about security.
But it's like, you create security problems and now you have to care about security.
We have to cover our tracks.
So I think that the APIs that came up with are fine.
I think that article makes sense and I think it's a decent solution.
But damn, it is, I was looking through and I was like, wow, this is like complicated.
Oh, really?
Do you understand it where you could explain?
Yeah, so I mean, the rough idea is you have the magic that they added
was basically auto capturing state so that you can,
it feels like you're triggering a server function from the client, right?
So you can write a function on the server and the client can trigger it.
But HTTP is a stateless protocol.
So any arguments that need to go into that function need to be sent
down to the client first and it could back up.
If you have a variable outside the function and the function uses it,
like you can't just run the function without that variable.
It's outside of it, right?
So what React does is it'll capture all the context needed and like serialize it down
and then send it back up.
So they like encrypt that now.
So like the payload that comes down is like junk and you send it back up against encrypted.
Okay, it's that plus the idea that you're like passing something that's like a server-only client,
but that might have that might have like a child that's a client component.
You might pass and the user object and the user object might have a password field
and then suddenly it has a password field.
So there's like all these scenarios that come up and they talk about
some stuff they do to automatically mitigate it like that encryption one is one example,
but then nothing really stops you from accidentally passing through something you weren't supposed to.
Yeah, so they have this whole Taint API now.
And this is like, I wouldn't say this is the primary way to do this,
but this is like kind of like a good guard rail system where you can say,
okay, process.env, I'm going to taint that object.
So if you ever write code that tries to pass that down or anything in it down,
it'll throw an error.
But that only works for stuff that's passed by reference, right?
So now if you like want to taint a specific string that's like,
you have to compare the unique value of the string again, like very complicated.
It works the solution, but again, it's one of those things where I'm like,
if you if you've gone to this level of complexity and like dealing with this level of problem,
I feel like the underlying design prioritized the wrong things that autocaptor stuff is cool,
but now you have all these like other things that are open up and other things you have to
concern yourself with. I feel like requiring people to be a little bit more explicit
in a bunch of places to avoid this entire class of problems.
I think that's what I would have leaned towards.
Yeah, so that was the article and that kind of goes to that and more and that.
It's pretty easy to understand.
And when I said it's complicated, I didn't mean that it was hard to understand.
I just meant that like there's so many new things you have to think about
and to be a good react engineer, you now have like a whole set of new gotchas and tricks and
awareness that you're going to have to teach people. People learn it. It's not crazy hard.
It just definitely feels like stuff continues to get more complicated.
And I don't know what we got from it, really.
Like TRPC already lets you feel like you're calling the server from the client.
And this is maybe like a 10% improvement in terms of API with like a whole set of new problems.
Yeah. Did TRPC just sort of like fade out a bit with the whole RSC movement?
Like does it come into play at all with the new?
I think that's a question, right? So I think the reason they launched this launch,
they released this article is because they merged server actions into React Canary.
This is like a whole, I just said a lot of words there and it's very confusing.
What does emerging into React Canary mean? You think you hear the word canary and you're like,
that means it's prototype leading edge, not for production.
But now they're definitely canary is like it's for production for frameworks to adopt.
So they merged server actions and I was at people like,
I've talked to a lot of people that don't like this model. Like they don't believe it's stable
and it's in Canary, which I get. Next year's implementation of server actions can be considered
stable or production ready. So this is now an all like a direct alternative to RPC.
So you can like not use your PC now. I think that's kind of why if you look at their numbers,
I'm sure it didn't like fade it off. I'm sure that like you're probably like continuing to grow
like more from the discourse standpoint, just so it just hasn't been talked about as much because
there's a question of like, is this can this is continued to be needed? Yeah, until what degree?
Interesting. I'm not super sure. It's a meteoric rise. Like
feel like TRPC blew up so fast. And then and then yeah, all the RSC stuff, all of the
murkiness around next JS roadmap and all that. Yeah, sort of like quieted the conversation a bit.
Yeah, that's a challenge when you build on top of and like obviously TRPC is not put on top of
next JS, but it was a good common way that people use it. Yeah, like one day it's happened to Blitz,
also remember Blitz JS, I was like built on top of next. It's just hard to make it just build that
thing or they can cannibalize you. Yeah, exactly. So it's Shopify. Don't build Shopify apps and
become successful. That's what I hear. They'll just build it themselves.
Can I bring up a topic that's related to the Vercelle and react all this stuff that I don't
know how to talk about this? I don't know how to have this conversation, but I just so badly
want to get some thoughts out. I feel like I've said a lot of negative things about the Vercelle
camp to the point that like, well, they're so they're having next JS comp and like everybody's
going. Everyone that was just a Twitch con is like, I'll see in a couple weeks in San Francisco.
And that feels bad. It feels bad to be like, I'm not going to next JS comp. There's no way I'd
ever go to next JS comp because I'm like an enemy of next JS in Vercelle. And I don't want to be an
enemy of anybody. That's what I'm trying to say. I don't know how to have this conversation because
it feels weird. Like, I wouldn't go if they invited me because I'm not going to travel twice in two
weeks. My wife would kill me. I would go in a perfect world where I'm a hedonist and I just
maximize pleasure. But like, I don't want to be like, I've made some like negative comments about
react even like, I just realized like, I have like, I have like enemies in tech and I don't like it.
I don't want to have enemies. This is a peace offering.
I think that you can look at it another way, which is your sense around that is maybe magnified
because I'm sorry about these people in person. I think if you feel that way, I should feel that way
times too, maybe we get you should. Yeah.
And I don't think I would have an issue going to next JS comp like, yeah, I mean, you go to react
Miami. So I mean, you don't have a total issue with. Yeah. And I like talk to people that work at
Vercel. Like it to me, it's just kind of like, there is some level of awkwardness because we genuinely
believe certain things and we generally push certain ideas forward. Yeah. But if you step back,
you can also recognize like, there is just this game and you game forces us to do that. Yeah. And
we can like all participate in it, but still recognize that we're all just like players in it.
And it doesn't have to. Yeah. No, that makes sense. And as you said that, like you talk to people at
Vercel, there's a lot of people I love at Vercel. I've got like what I would consider friends for
sure that work at Vercel, and I forget sometimes that I've like, I don't know, publicly just said a lot
of like, not mean things about Vercel, but just like anytime somebody takes themselves so seriously,
and I feel like the Vercel brand, not any one individual, but like the brand is so serious. It is so like
self-important or something. Anytime I see that in anybody or anything, I just do want to poke at
it. Like I should be like pop the bubble. Yeah. Yeah. So I do feel like I've said a lot of that
kind of stuff, but then I remember like, Oh, he works at Vercel. I love him. Yeah. I feel like
we're close or I'm like, I'm on the same team, but then I don't want to be like at the company level.
Yeah. Maybe I'm blowing it up in my own mind. I'm like making this a big problem is no,
I get the feelings. I have thought the same thing. I was like, would I go to something like
next conflict would be awkward and to some degree, maybe a little bit, but I just told myself is
probably just inflated in my head. The company that I think I have, maybe the most positive version
of this relationship with is Clerk, because I'm just like, brutally making fun of them for everything
that they do. But I don't think anyone is like upset with me or anything. No. Yeah. Yeah. I feel
like I've like with Jeff and I'm domed there. Like I feel like I have a lot of people. I really
enjoy it, Clerk. Well, Dan's there. I mean, there's, yeah, did you keep hiring everybody?
So more and more friends are going to work at Clerk. But I do feel like I've said a lot of like,
I don't know, just like making fun of their marketing strategies and everything else.
Just like they are everywhere. And I'm going to stop now because I don't want to say more.
But yeah, I love it. Just do it. I love that. Just say that.
The tech conference industry is being single handedly held up by Clerk.
It really is there. They're on top of it. No, that's a good point. So that's a much lighthearted,
a more lighthearted version of the Vercel thing. I think like even Guillermo, I feel like I've
poked a Guillermo a lot. I look up to Guillermo so much. He's like embodies so many things that I
wish I were, like how regimented he is and just how particular and I personally am a huge fan of
like high quality and like perfectionism and like all these things. It's a lot of the same traits.
Maybe that's why I do it. Maybe it's like Guillermo is the better version of me.
And I just I poke at him because I know he's reached levels I'll never reach. Maybe that's it.
This is good. I don't feel that right. I don't think he's a better version of you.
I definitely see the similarities, but you know what I'm saying? Like I just realized like,
oh my god, this is on the middle of I'm learning it as I'm saying these words,
that like I'm super into like the OCPD like everything has to be just right. And that's totally
versatile. Why is my alarm going on? Well, so real quick, I think here's what I think about that.
I think that people believe in these like stereotypes or caricatures and not a negative way like the
even positive ones and they kind of overly emulate that to get the thing that they want.
And that's what I don't like about some of the versatile stuff. I feel like they're kind of an
exaggeration of a concept and believe that to be really obsessed with quality, to be really
obsessed with X, Y and Z things, you're someone that's like so serious all the time and like so
serious about everything. But it kind of denies this reality of like you can really care about
those stuff and be obsessive to like an annoying degree. And also you can be like
a different type of personality, you know. So to me, whenever I see someone lined up so perfectly
with like a stereotype that's in the world that we recognize, I just feel like they're kind of
faking it to some degree. They're like kind of, you know, if I act like that, then this other thing,
then this will be, yeah, okay. I agree. So that's kind of what that's kind of what I feel like.
There's like a, I mean, like a stupid, the stupidest version of this is
the Theranos thing with the Steve Jobs like Turtle Neck and all that stuff.
Oh, wow. Yeah. Yeah, she does that.
Playing a character, right? And that's like the most extreme version of it where it was like
so backwards. Yeah. But we all do this to some degree where we have like some identity that we
try to emulate and hope that we somehow stumble upon positive traits from it.
Yeah, interesting. Now I'm just, my mind is racing over trying to think of who I'm trying to
emulate or what I'm trying to be. I think, I think the thing you describe is accurate. Like this,
the thing you describe, like you're, the thing you're emulating is gear, because gear most
perfectly emulating that thing. But the point is everyone is emulating. It's like, there's a,
there's a part of it that's doing, but there's a part of it that's like acting.
Okay. Oh, man, you've got, you've just got me in my head so much right now.
I'm just like, you said the word identity and I remembered like, I don't know what my identity is.
I'm just like, the point is you don't have to have one. And I think it's free.
Oh, that's the point. That is nice. That's a nice thought.
It's very natural to crave an identity and try to like be a thing. But I think the actual work is
figuring out to live without one. But like you, okay, what I'm trying to get at here. And if you
had something really important you would talk about in the next eight minutes, we can get in.
Okay. Because I just, I don't want to get into a therapy session. I feel like we kind of got
away from that. And I wasn't like just constantly asking, well, we can bring it back. We got to do
it all. Okay, we're bringing it back. Well, I just got back from TwitchCon. And it's like
seeing people who have very strong personalities and just very like, they know who they are in
life. And you're that way. Everything you say, I feel like it lines up. It's like, of course,
Dax would say that. Like we've talked about, it'd be so easy to train like an AI Dax because
you just give like a hundred year tweets and it would nail you to the team. Like you could just
set that thing on autopilot. But like, I don't know. I don't know. This whole TwitchCon thing was like,
when I got there, I realized, oh, I came to TwitchCon and I don't know if I ever want to stream or
talk about tech again. Like, I just don't know if I care about this stuff. But I wanted to come and
see all my friends. Like, I've made all these friends in this space and I was very excited to meet
them all. But then it really is like the whole thing of TwitchCon is like, we're all streamers.
And it's like, I don't know. Am I a streamer? I don't know if I want to be. And then it's like,
what do I want to be? And then it's like, I've talked about not wanting to do content at all,
maybe anymore. I don't know. And then I don't know. It's just like, do I not need to know? I don't
need to know what my personality is or what I care about. I don't think you need to have
an identity that you can apply a very clear label to. I think some people do have, like I said,
with me, I've said this all the time, whenever I take a personality test, it feels like the most
accurate thing on the planet because I have a very like, identifiable thing. But it's just like a
random thing. I don't think that's that's the part that doesn't matter. It doesn't matter that the
thing I am or the thing that people are has like, a clear label on it. I do think the thing you have
to figure out is like, if you feel lost to some degree, I'm like, what? Yeah, you're driving towards.
I think that probably is like a real concern. I think I think that gets pointed out when you're
around people that have like, such a clear identity, but the identity part is not the part that matters.
Okay, so identity is not something that matters. But what I'm doing with my time
does matter. And just trying to figure out, like, I really enjoy, I've enjoyed streaming.
Like, I have a lot of fun the moment I'm doing it. And I feel like I could do this every day.
And it's, I love it. But I don't like, I constantly then like, after a month, I ask myself, like,
why am I doing this? Like, what am I trying to get out of this? And I have no answers. Like,
I can't think of a single reason. I don't even know why I do a podcast. Like, honestly, I don't know,
like, I don't know why I've done anything that you put into like the content bucket.
Like, I don't have any like aspirations toward it making money. I just can't imagine ever making
more money doing content than I could just make if I didn't ever turn a camera on. Because I feel
like I can make more money that way. So it's not money. And it's not like, uh, I've already made
all the friends I want to make. I guess the friendships that I thought about that at TwitchCon, like,
had I not ever streamed, I wouldn't have gotten to know any of these people I would have had no
reason to. And I'm very thankful for the group of friends that I feel like online I've made.
So maybe that's all it was. It was just the friends we made along the way. That's like a saying, isn't it?
There you go. You figured it out. OK, that actually helps me a lot. I think it to move that to like a
more even like selfish place. It's, uh, to me, it's just about like creating opportunity. I don't know.
And when I say that, people might think like, Oh, like career opportunity. Yeah. But also just like
any kind of opportunity, like, yeah, whether it's to make friends or to like have experiences. Yeah.
Yeah. The more stuff you have out there, the more stuff just comes into your life. I think, uh,
I mean, a really great example of this is that podcast where we talked about how we're going to
pivot, boo me and maybe work on this new thing. Yeah. I had so many people reach out to me after
that about being like, I want this or here's what I thought about or here's like, you know,
and that's really motivating. And that's amazing. And I would have never had that before. Anytime
in the past when I wanted to, when I had an idea, the biggest barrier was, Oh, the world is just
going to ignore this idea. How do I like push past that? But now like having like all these people
reach out to me. It's because, you know, I've been able to put myself out there and allow for
that kind of thing to happen. So yeah, I also am not like trying to make this directly my work,
but for the same reason as you, like it's just not, yeah, like I have other ways that to make
mind that when I enjoy more and to where I think more lucrative, but yeah, this is like a, like,
a turbocharger for all that other stuff increases your, your opportunities set in life. It just,
I do, I think it was Alex to be told me about somebody who wrote about friend catchers. Have you
heard of that concept? We were talking about that? No, but I mean, it sounds exactly what this is.
Yeah, it's like if you don't ever put out anything in the world, if you're not publicly
putting yourself out there, then you're missing this opportunity to just like find that the people
like you or people who resonate with you. But like you're putting every time you create something,
you're putting out these friend catchers that like you're going to have people that you get
connected to in life that you just wouldn't have otherwise. And that makes sense. I spent a long time
10 years of my career not doing anything publicly. Same. And yeah, met nobody. I mean,
basically just whoever you work with directly. So I see the appeal of all that. I guess it just
feels like, I don't know, just like when I see the consistency, whether it's you or prime,
like prime is just such a like a personality. Yeah, because that's going to be his job. Like,
that is the thing that he's meant to do full time all the time and take that to whatever extreme
and ceiling there is for that. But and I guess it's okay to just accept that like it's not my job.
I'm just like, I'm I've had some fun and it doesn't mean I have to stop doing this stuff if I don't
think it'll ever be my job and still do it. I just have a different expectation around what it is.
I'm not going to have a strong personality. And you so it's still something you want to get better
at and like continue to get better at and whatever, but it is. Yeah, because it's fun. And anything
I do you want to do the best you can. It's the same thing as like Tugitsu, like you're not trying to
one become a world champion. I literally want to become a world champion, but okay, that's okay.
If I never said that out loud, I really do. I want to like win masters at some point. Okay, that's
the goal. I mean, it might belt. It's always at your own belt. Like you're, I always forget that
it's at your belt and your age and your age and your size. Yeah, there's tons of world champions.
It's still extremely hard. It's when like 10 matches in a single day, but I'm going to do it.
Okay, wait, wait, just rephrase it. Are you trying to make it your career or trying to make money
from it? No, not my career. I mean, I'll never get a dime from it, but I don't think you have
those feelings around it. Like, why am I doing it? No, that's true. I don't. When I think about
Jiu Jitsu, I know why I'm doing it. It's like, I'm obsessed with it. The physical activity,
it's good for my health. Well, I don't know. There's better. Better things for your health
in Jiu Jitsu because you can get really hurt. But yeah, that's a great point. If I could just
feel that way about, I never even know how to label all this. Is it content? Is it just,
is that the word? I could feel that way about extracurricular activities in tech.
Yeah. Like there's my work and then there's all of this stuff. If I could feel that way,
the way I do about Jiu Jitsu, I'd be really happy. So me and Liz were talking about this
the other day where she feels like she has all these things that she's interested in,
but it doesn't have a way to express them. And she's listening to Steve Jobs,
the Walter Isaacson book. And she brought up how he was interested in so many things,
like technology, architecture, art, aesthetics, like all these wide ranges of things that he was
obsessed with. And from her perception, he was lucky that he had this. The thing he was doing
could draw all of that. The Apple stores feed the architecture stuff. Obviously, the product speed,
the aesthetic stuff, like the art and the technology. He saw like, he's so lucky that he had one thing
that pulled everything. But I think that if you have a thing that you're able to really focus on,
it always just pulls all your interests into it. So only thing that is missing is like
having the thing that you channel everything through. Because we're talking about this
content stuff. And for me, it's an interest of mine. I find it interesting to do, I want to get
better at it. I find it fun. But I have a thing that draws that can draw that into.
I can channel that into SSC marketing. That pulls it out. You have that central thesis
that I feel like everything runs through online. Yeah. And it's funny because the way it feels
is, and I've always experienced this through my whole career, it feels like I randomly got
interested in this thing. And like, whoa, what a weird coincidence. I happened to need that thing
at my work or whatever. And it literally feels like the week after I discovered it,
I also just randomly happened to need it. But what's actually happening is I'm like,
forcing it in there because it is a genuine interest. And it does make sense to do.
But yeah, it always feels that way. It always feels like a miracle that my random interest
shows up at work. But it's just because I have consistent work that I'm interested in.
So it'll draw everything in there. So I said all that. And like, I actually am going to stream.
Like, I want to stream more than ever. Maybe it's just because at TwitchCon,
I'm going to be doing this stuff still. And I'm going to think about everything we just talked about.
But I don't have to have an identity. That's okay. Maybe I won't even do tech stuff. I've
talked about this a lot, like not doing tech. I don't know. Like, what is a variety streamer?
Can I just be a variety streamer? It doesn't matter what I stream and just talk and do whatever I want.
Maybe I'll do that. But like, look, you're already putting a label on it. What the hell's a variety
streamer? It doesn't matter. Just do whatever you want. I just heard the word. Okay. Yeah, that's
true. Just do whatever you want. Okay. Let people decide what category it is. It doesn't have to fit
into some box for me. I'm actually going to start streaming again too. I like, realize the other day
that I definitely felt more in sync with a bunch of stuff. And I have a hard time putting it to
words, but I felt like this stuff just like clicked better when I like was constantly talking to
people every day. It's a whole and it's a whole schedule. It's a whole thing that it kind of like
introduces into my work. That's nice. A structure. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, that is nice. And especially
like working on SST, like I do remember every day I would stream, there'd be someone that would like
talk to me about it in some way. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That was always that. That's like, it gives me
sense of something that I think is useful. Okay. No, I have to get another call. I have to pee.
So it's a double whammy of hard stopping. All right. I was really thinking too, I wish we could like
start, like, say bye and then keep talking for a while and just let it record. There's another
podcast that does that totally unrelated to tech. But yeah, I'm done. I tried that. That's funny.
I think we always had such good conversation after we hit stuff. It's never on the podcast.
Oh, also, I want to say Jason came up to me. He's a listener of the podcast came up to me at Twitch
Con. That was really cool because as I said, in person, it's hard to know if anyone listens.
And he said, yeah, you say that on the podcast all the time too. Sounds like me. Yeah.
Say the same things all the time. Okay. Thank you, Jason, for coming up. That was so cool.
Okay. I'm going to go have to pee. Bye. See you. I'll see you next.